README.md, before:

# @expressjs/codemod

[![NPM Version][npm-version-image]][npm-url]
[![NPM Install Size][npm-install-size-image]][npm-install-size-url]
[![NPM Downloads][npm-downloads-image]][npm-downloads-url]
[![OpenSSF Scorecard Badge][ossf-scorecard-badge]][ossf-scorecard-visualizer]

Express.js provides Codemod transforms to help you upgrade your express server when a feature is deprecated or removed.

Codemods are transformations that run on your codebase programmatically. This allows for a large amount of changes to be applied without having to manually go through every file.

## Installation

You don't need to install this package, run the following command:

```sh
npx @expressjs/codemod # or pnpx, bunx, etc.
```

or install globally:

```sh
npm i -g @expressjs/codemod # or pnpm, bun, etc.
```

## Usage

Use `@expressjs/codemod -h` to explore available command-line options.

<!-- GENERATED START -->

```
Usage: @expressjs/codemod [codemod] [source] [options]

Options:
  -v, --version  Output the current version of @expressjs/codemod.
  -d, --dry      Dry run (no changes are made to files)
  -h, --help     Display this help message.
```

<!-- GENERATED END -->

##  Contributing

The Express.js project welcomes all constructive contributions. Contributions take many forms,
from code for bug fixes and enhancements, to additions and fixes to documentation, additional
tests, triaging incoming pull requests and issues, and more!

See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md) for more technical details on contributing.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

[npm-downloads-image]: https://badgen.net/npm/dm/@expressjs/codemod
[npm-downloads-url]: https://npmcharts.com/compare/@expressjs/codemod?minimal=true
[npm-install-size-image]: https://badgen.net/packagephobia/install/@expressjs/codemod
[npm-install-size-url]: https://packagephobia.com/result?p=@expressjs/codemod
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@expressjs/codemod
[npm-version-image]: https://badgen.net/npm/v/@expressjs/codemod
[ossf-scorecard-badge]: https://api.scorecard.dev/projects/github.com/expressjs/codemod/badge
[ossf-scorecard-visualizer]: https://ossf.github.io/scorecard-visualizer/#/projects/github.com/expressjs/codemod

Commit message:

docs: list of codemods (#4)
* docs: list of codemods

* improve generate-help-docs

README.md, after:

# @expressjs/codemod

[![NPM Version][npm-version-image]][npm-url]
[![NPM Install Size][npm-install-size-image]][npm-install-size-url]
[![NPM Downloads][npm-downloads-image]][npm-downloads-url]
[![OpenSSF Scorecard Badge][ossf-scorecard-badge]][ossf-scorecard-visualizer]

Express.js provides Codemod transforms to help you upgrade your express server when a feature is deprecated or removed.

Codemods are transformations that run on your codebase programmatically. This allows for a large amount of changes to be applied without having to manually go through every file.

## Installation

You don't need to install this package, run the following command:

```sh
npx @expressjs/codemod # or pnpx, bunx, etc.
```

or install globally:

```sh
npm i -g @expressjs/codemod # or pnpm, bun, etc.
```

## Usage

Use `@expressjs/codemod -h` to explore available command-line options.

<!-- USAGE START -->

```
Usage: @expressjs/codemod [codemod] [source] [options]

Options:
  -v, --version  Output the current version of @expressjs/codemod.
  -d, --dry      Dry run (no changes are made to files)
  -p, --print    Print transformed files to stdout
  --verbose      Show more information about the transform process
  -h, --help     Display this help message.
```

<!-- USAGE END -->

## Available Codemods

All the available codemods to update your express server:

<!-- CODEMODS START -->

### magic redirect (5.0.0)

Transform the deprecated magic string "back"

### pluralized methods (5.0.0)

Transform the methods to their pluralized versions

### v4 deprecated signatures (5.0.0)

Transform the deprecated signatures in Express v4

<!-- CODEMODS END -->

##  Contributing

The Express.js project welcomes all constructive contributions. Contributions take many forms,
from code for bug fixes and enhancements, to additions and fixes to documentation, additional
tests, triaging incoming pull requests and issues, and more!

See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md) for more technical details on contributing.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

[npm-downloads-image]: https://badgen.net/npm/dm/@expressjs/codemod
[npm-downloads-url]: https://npmcharts.com/compare/@expressjs/codemod?minimal=true
[npm-install-size-image]: https://badgen.net/packagephobia/install/@expressjs/codemod
[npm-install-size-url]: https://packagephobia.com/result?p=@expressjs/codemod
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@expressjs/codemod
[npm-version-image]: https://badgen.net/npm/v/@expressjs/codemod
[ossf-scorecard-badge]: https://api.scorecard.dev/projects/github.com/expressjs/codemod/badge
[ossf-scorecard-visualizer]: https://ossf.github.io/scorecard-visualizer/#/projects/github.com/expressjs/codemod
